"Masks hide wounds, but they make terrible bandages" - flobots Collab dance video

"Shows that he can balance deadlines and is a creative thinker and has the skill to see over the horizon". That's "stilt walker" translated into corporate buzzword.

Trying not to think about something is the same as thinking about it

"The arguments that we see everyday, such as the ones in tv shows or courts are good for debates, but they can't change someone's views. The point of those arguments is to not convince the the one arguing against but convince everyone else. - ME

There's two ways to bring peace - one is by complete control, other is a common enemy - ME

Coming in second makes you the first loser

what do you think is a righteous man?There exists no stereotypical nice guy in this world.Every man wishes to obtain what he wants.A righteous man is someone who sticks to his code, who overcomes his emotions of selfishness for the sake of righteousness. He chooses to be right. The anger of such a man can scare the heavens.

Fans of the franchise don't mean anything to the studios because the fans aren't their target audience - everyone else is.

"Happiness is an acquired taste. Whatever I think will give me happiness, after getting it, with experience I know it doesn't. It gives pleasure for a while. But not happiness. Therefore happiness to me is acquiring a taste for the journey of chasing happiness. I cannot pretend to say I have acquired it. But I do believe that is what it is! Am I responsible for my own happiness? Yes. I am also responsible for every other feeling I have." - Tejasvita Apte

"Don't feel bad for not liking what everyone else pretends to love" - Emma Watson

"People who don't read the books are not "less of fans", they are "fans of less"

Curiosity killed the cat but satisfaction brought it back

The blood of the covenant is thicker than the water of womb - meaning that relationships formed by choice are stronger than those by blood - unfortunately it seems that 'blood is thicker than water' IS the original quote.

The basic concept of outsourcing is to locate work where labor is cheaper. The idea behind crowdsourcing is to seek the cheapest labor of all by getting the general public to do some work for you.

Money Can buy you happiness.It just can't prevent sadness.

One can live happily by giving up luxury but not comfort - ME

"When I'm working, I don't have lunch until i'm certain that every person on the set has had a chance to eat -Anne Hathway on how she avoids being poisoned

"Giving a reader a sex scene that is only half right is like giving her half of a kitten. It is not half as cute as a whole kitten; it is a bloody, godawful mess" - Howard Mittelmark

"Get your facts straight, then you can distort them as you please." - Mark Twain

"For porn, all you need is half a brain and a pretty face. It's the same for Bollywood." - Sunny Leone

"In nostalgia, shame and pride about the past are the same shades of feeling." - ME legit

A good relationship allows you to/makes you want to be the best version of yourself. -Franklin Veaux

When asked to explain the tree and you are unable to do so, tie a goat to the tree and explain the goat

"When you pick the only option you have to choose from, can you really call that your own decision?" - Hayama

Life is like licking honey off a thorn - some philosopher but Yukino

Callahan's Law (a.k.a. the Law of Conservation of Pain and Joy): "Shared pain is lessened; shared joy, increased - thus do we refute entropy"

"Try to live up to the person you pretend to be" - Young the Giant

You seem to be under the impression that there is a special breed of bad humans. There is no such thing as a stereotype bad man in this world. Under normal conditions, everybody is more or less good, or, at least, ordinary. But tempt them, and they suddenly change. That is what is so frightening about men. - Kokoro

Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time

"The greatest fear of death is always that it will pass us by. And leave us there alone" - A Man Named Ove. Wrt death taking away all your loved ones.

Roju chacche vadiki ediche vallu undaru(A man who dies everyday doesn't have a mourner) - naana

"It blows my mind how many apologists or conformists exist for the removal of options whereas I just want choice" - u/Shimakaze_Kai, r/android on people who tell him to buy bluetooth earphones instead of wired and cry about it when he says no.

"Want and lack exploded in their minds like a grenade and left shrapnel of desperation in its wake, so that—in time—the boys began to steal" - The fishermen

Wrong is wrong, even if everyone is doing it. Right is right, even if no one is doing it.

"So you're watching a show you hate, but watch it on 2x to save time" - Hrishikesh, on Craig saying he watches an anime he hates but in 2x

Sometimes a hypocrite is nothing more than a man in the process of changing. - Dalinar

"An artist only truly dies when they stop being milked for profits" - Walfie, youtube comment, Gus's video about dead artists

If you like it because it's furry, you're a furry. If you like something despite it being furry, you're not a furry

Acknowledging something is shitty is not the same as critiquing/addressing/solving it

Be the inexplicable phenomena you wish to see in the world. (Context: twitter post stating that placing a watermelon on someone's doorstep is an easy way to occupy their mind)

"Materialism is nice, because then you can objectify people and still have empathy for them. WIN-WIN. - Me, to Tofu." (Did mental typo here: Materialisticness would be a better word. Materialism is a branch of philosophy that's weird)

David Graeber: Whenever action proceeds “from each according to their abilities, to each according to their needs”—even if it is between two people—we are in the presence of “everyday communism”. Almost everyone behaves this way when collaborating on a common project. If someone fixing a broken water pipe says “hand me the wrench”, their co-worker will not usually say “and what do I get for it?”, even if they are working for Exxon-Mobil, Burger King or Royal Bank of Scotland. The reason is efficiency (ironic, given the conventional wisdom that “communism just doesn’t work”): if you want to get something done, allocating tasks by ability, and giving people what they need to do the job, is the most effective way to go about it. It’s one of the scandals of capitalism that most firms, internally, operate in a communistic way. True, they don’t operate democratically. Most often they are organized by military-style chains of command. But top-down chains of command are not very efficient. When cooperation depends on improvisation, the more democratic it tends to become. Inventors have always known this, start-up capitalists also, and computer engineers have recently rediscovered the principle: not only with freeware, but even in the organization of their businesses.  -  - This is why in the immediate wake of great disasters—a flood, a blackout, a revolution or economic collapse—people tend to behave the same way, reverting to a kind of rough-and-ready communism. Hierarchies, markets and the like become luxuries that no one can really afford them. Anyone who has lived through such a moment can speak to the way strangers become sisters and brothers, and human society itself seems to be reborn. We are not just talking about cooperation. Communism is the foundation of all human sociability. It makes society possible.

"It's not that deep." "Maybe, but the ground is soft and I am ready to dig."

"We rip out so much of ourselves to be cured of things faster, that we go bankrupt by the age of thirty, and have less to offer each time we start with someone new. But to make yourself feel nothing so as not to feel anything- what a waste!  --- Dad, Call me by your name.

"If you enhance your strengths, you're more likely to win. If you don't cover your weakness, you're more likely to lose. They're not the same thing." - Me

"I'm like a French bakery - full of pain" - me

Fujoshis and Gay shippers exist bc women are written so badly,flatly, and blandly in media that two male characters have more chemistry with each other than their 'love interests'. Marilyn Frye says "All or almost all of that which pertains to love, most straight men reserve exclusively for other men. The people whom they admire, respect, adore, revere, honor, whom they imitate, idolize, and form profound attachments to, whom they are willing to teach and from whom they are willing to learn, and whose respect, admiration, recognition, honor, reverence and love they desire… those are, overwhelmingly, other men. In their relations with women, what passes for respect is kindness, generosity or paternalism; what passes for honor is removal to the pedestal. From women they want devotion, service and sex. Heterosexual male culture is homoerotic; it is man-loving."

“I think every family should have a dog; it is like having a perpetual baby; it is the plaything and crony of the whole house. It keeps them all young” — John Brown

"So much of talent is just really caring about something specific" - ianbicking on hackernews. 

"Average intelligence plus persistence has accomplished much more than genius" - redditor

I've often seen so many fast-starters in many fields who just taper away, because the subject just isn't interesting to them, and it was the peeps who stayed in the field that ended up becoming really good at it

Having sex is like fractions, it's improper for the larger one to be on top

once you read a dictionary, everything you read is a remix

Walking my dog is like flying a retarded kite on the ground

Itna bura time chal raha hein ki kuttha bhoke to lag raha hein ki advice de raha hein

May the bridges you burn light your way forward

Wisdom is incongruent with my aesthetic

Coriander is brilliant. It is the taste of freshness and turns any meal into sunshine

The older I get, the better I used to be

“The weather that morning was quite good. Broken clouds were flitting across the sky, driven by a strong breeze - and the sun was frequently peering through them, bathing the city with its light”. - from Feluda: Bandits of Bombay. This is an illustration of my fav weather. Cloudy + Windy in Hyd has always been my fav atmosphere, which is equivalent to cloudy + windy + dry medium-heat. This is also an illustration about the conceit of my desire - I wish for a weather that is not permanently sustainable. Either the wind will win, or the clouds. Both cannot exist together for long.

jaldi khol na, wrapper kya tere dahej me jayega?

Are you trying to miss the point deliberately, or are you arguing for no reason?

XXXXX have become so advanced that they’ve cut out the middle man and are now mocking themselves

"once in a while? I don't believe in diets. Indulge." - In response to Can't one do xxxx once in a while? By tumblr/u/mjalti

"no one gatekeeps harder than the last person to get in" - wrt to how people who have benefited from subsidies/assistance/circumstance are usually the ones to advocate for removal of said stuff. Tweet: notsafwan (e/acc) (@techvro) on Twitter

"Fastest way for a man to take a woman seriously is for her to tell a joke" - comment by @tyla.p in response to dudes getting agitated over some girls building a snowwoman because them girls would "never build a man. He better build himself up."

"You will never know the warmth of compassion" - Someone was being a “logical” dick about immigrants and job centers and the coldness of the system, then got replied with this. Bonnie "Prince" Rotten (@curtiselvidge) on X

Yyy is supposed to be an xxxx. Xxxx is a tedious arduous and thankless job, which is maybe why yyy doesn't do it

You can't logic someone out of a thought they didn't logic into

a cruel comment said in a light tone does not make a joke

Some say "can't take a joke," as if a joke is something that's meant to be endured.

"Healthy Zucchini brownies" Did you know that our lives are short and beautiful, and someday they will find your bones and no one will be able to tell, from your skeleton, what sweetness you stole from yourself?

Empathy is an emotional loss leader. It pays for itself eventually. - Tress of the Emerald Sea

Memories have a way of changing on us. Souring or sweetening over time—like a brew we drink, then recreate later by taste, only getting the ingredients mostly right. You can’t taste a memory without tainting it with who you have become. - Tress of the Emerald Sea

bravery is the wind that makes us soar like kites, fear is the string that keeps us from going too far - Tress of the Emerald Sea (LOVE kite metaphors)

Enjoy memories, yes, but don’t be a slave to who you wish you once had been. Those memories aren’t alive. You are. - Tress of the Emerald Sea

Do you seriously think that after years of imprisonment, feeling the sun on your face, and the open air beneath your wings, you would be able to focus on anything but the joy of being alive and free? Look me in the eyes and tell me if I strapped a pair of wings to your back, you'd be careful and sensible about it. YOU ARE NOT ETTER THAN ICARUS JUST BECAUSE YOU HAVE THE BENEFIT OF HIS EXAMPLE.

He settled somewhere between smart and stupid, perched on the very peak of the bell curve and assuming that it was the right place to be, as highest has to be best. - Tress

In the land where everyone screams, everyone is also slightly deaf. - wrt to how people in unkind envs end up growing unkind  - Tress

There are few things worse than stressful—yet empty—time. Free time that you can’t use in any way always feels like nature itself is mocking you. - Tress

To remain unchanged, one must change. - ROHMS 922. Wrt the fact that If one's circumstances change, their attitude naturally changes. Maintaining the same attitude despite changing circumstances means one has become a deeper person than before.

Those who overestimate their own cleverness never admit they are wrong. Rather, they just think that the whole world doesn't recognize that they’re right. It is many times easier to deal with such people than truly stupid people - ROHMS 970

If you're about to be hanged and you make jokes, that's gallows humor. But if you're in the audience and you crack jokes, you're just part of the execution. A lot of people seem to think they're using gallows humor, but they're just a part of the execution. = @chrysanthemma on tiktok

Humans forget. Swallowing the poison of time, humans slowly forget everything: what they learned, what they heard, even what they experienced. That's why humans can try again. Because of forgetting, humans who have experienced bitter failures can attempt again, and those who writhed in terrible pain can move forward. Perhaps, a significant portion of the dazzling progress made by humans is a gift from 'forgetting.' - ROMHS 1023

“Capitalism Made Your iPhone” - NO. Labor made your iPhone. Labor makes things under any -isms. The -isms decide who gets paid. (Don't fully agree with this quote, but it is a valid retort to the bootlickers)

if life is a never ending loop of dirty dishes & laundry, then that means life is a never ending loop of home cooked meals & comfy clean clothes - maudiemoods on tumblr

self-awareness does not absolve anybody of anything - Bo Burnham, Inside

The inventor of the mirror poisoned the human heart. Man shouldn't be able to see his own face. There's nothing more sinister. Nature gave him the gift of not being able to see it, and of not being able to stare into his own eyes. Only in the water of rivers and ponds could he look at his face. And the very posture he had to assume was symbolic. He had to bend over, stoop down, to commit the ignominy of beholding himself -  Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet

Early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.

Ends Justify the Means, and Means Qualify the Ends

"Kottha Biccha Gaadiki ki Poddhu Eragadu" - Telugu Proverb by Naana. As in someone who's new to a stupid idea doesn't know the right time to make it work , in the sense that an old beggar knows the best time of the day for begging while a new beggar generally goes by his own urges for begging.

"He's Drawing a Parallel, with 2 Squiggly lines" - u/Ok_Teacher_1797, wrt a meh attempt at comparision

"If one of two beings, who grew up together in joy and pain and loved each other for a long time, dies – this one lives, and the other one is dead" - Poem 142, Gathasaptashi (an ancient collection of Indian poems written by women about love. Considered a 'Practical' opposite to the 'Theoretical' Kamasutra)